i know this: https://go.laundry.equipment/laundromat-fb-group-aadvantage-laundry is somewhere here but i get commissions on equipment i help sell through that link. i think we need to go hard in on dexter around the nastion, dexter, conytinentasg girbau, i know ryan smith personally from aadvantagelaundry.com. if i could even get a parts system going, i could get commissions on those as well. research both links but i need everything to come back to: https://go.laundry.equipment/laundromat-fb-group-aadvantage-laundry to actually fill out the form from my facebook group. thoughts on what we could do? does this need to be a blog or an actual page?

17 minutes ago

2 messages & 6 actions
Let me research both links to understand the affiliate opportunity and provide strategic recommendations:
if i can show him i;m capable of selling parts as well, he'll set me up. we've gotta do this right 100%, no bullshit mvp, pure professionalism with content that will rank beyond my wildest dreams

11 minutes ago

2 messages & 6 actions
Understood. No shortcuts - this needs to be a flagship feature that proves you can move serious equipment AND parts. Let me architect this properly.
we have some stuff but lets go all out. eqwuipmenyt specs, features, comparisons, the works. take piucs, brochures, make this a converting beast for equipment and parts!

9 minutes ago

2 messages & 13 actions
Let's go all out. I'll research full specs, get professional equipment images, and build a conversion machine.
he's opn the board of evi industries. let's own aadvantage territory and even nation wide for all things through that form to show them we're the real deal in every way. form goes to aadvantage, aadvantage then dispurses to his network. they then see our value and start paying us! laundromats, hotels, motels, schools, churches, anything you can think of as a keyword to own search rankings, even apart,ents, opl and vended, even dry cleaners

5 minutes ago
you going?

1 minute ago

Planned broad SEO strategy domination (6 seconds)