The "Fix Everything" Replit Agent PromptCopy and paste this into your Replit Agent chat to automate the majority of these fixes:"Audit and fix all SEO indexing issues for washbizhub.com:Canonicals: Add a self-referencing <link rel='canonical' href='...' /> to the <head> of every page. For duplicate paths (like /page vs /page/), point them to the primary clean URL.301 Redirects: Create a global redirect handler. For any request to common old WordPress paths (e.g., /wp-admin, /wp-content, /?p=ID), return a 301 redirect to the homepage.Soft 404s: Identify routes that return a '200 OK' but have placeholder or thin content. Update these to either include at least 300 words of laundry industry content or return a true 404 status code.Robots.txt: Generate a robots.txt file at the root directory that allows all bots but disallows old /wp- paths and provides a link to my sitemap.Clean Sitemap: Generate a fresh sitemap.xml that only includes high-value, live canonical URLs and excludes all redirected or 'noindex' pages."Breakdown of Major Indexing FixesIndexing ReasonPagesTechnical Fix StrategyAlternate page with proper canonical2,322Mostly informational. This confirms your canonical tags are working by telling Google to ignore duplicates. No action is needed unless an important page is missing from search results.Soft 404472Add Content or 404. Google sees these as "thin" or useless content. Either add significant text or configure your server to return a true 404 Not Found code instead of a success code.Duplicate without canonical97Assign a Master. Google found duplicate content and had to "guess" which one to index. Use a canonical tag to force Google to recognize your preferred version.Not found (404)60301 Redirect. These are likely broken links from your old site. Point them to relevant new pages or your homepage to keep your SEO authority.Excluded by ‘noindex’21Unblock. Locate any <meta name="robots" content="noindex"> tags in your code. Remove them from pages you want to be visible in Google.