Add an application
Configure the policies, authentication, and settings of your application.
Select type
>
Configure application
>
Experience settings (optional)
>
Advanced settings (optional)
Basic information
Configure your application’s basic details and paths. Enter hostnames or IPs to protect an entire website or specific subdomains and paths.
Application name
(Required)
WashBizHub
10 / 350
Session Duration
(Required)
24 hours
Public hostname
Input method
Default
Subdomain
(optional) subdomain
.
Domain
(Required)
Select or type to search...
/
Path
(optional) path
Remove

Add public hostname

Add private hostname

Add private IP
Hidden
Browser rendering settings
Cloudflare currently supports rendering a terminal for SSH, VNC, or RDP sessions in a user’s browser.
Create reusable application policies
Configure policies that include your identity provider groups, IP, device, certificates, or service tokens. Reuse policies across Access Applications.

Grant or restrict user access
Create a group of employees, IP addresses, or countries.
Allow or block a group of employees, IP addresses, or countries.
Policies consist of an Action and rules which determine the action’s scope.
Access evaluates policies with Bypass and Service Auth actions first.
Apply across Access applications
Updates automatically transfer across all applications using the policy.
Create up to 50 policies, or reach out to your account team to request an increase.
Add a policyThis link opens in a new tab
Policy tester
The policy tester evaluates the last seen identity of active users. Login decisions may differ if there are changes to user attributes evaluated by this policy.
Test policies
Login methods
Select the identity providers your users can use to log in to this application. If you do not add an identity provider, a one time pin will be used by default.
Manage login methods.This link opens in a new tab
Accept all available identity providers
On

Allow users to log in with any identity providers configured on your account, including ones added in the future.